Attempt to provide definition and usage example for `raftIndexLagThreshold` (#1572)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/clustering/monitoring/endpoints.adoc

The  status endpoint, available at `/db/<databasename>/cluster/status`, is to be used to assist with rolling upgrades.
For more information, see link:https://neo4j.com/docs/upgrade-migration-guide/current/version-5/upgrade-minor/#_clusters[Upgrade and Migration Guide -> Clusters].

Typically, it is desired to have some guarantee that a primary is safe to shutdown for each database before removing it from a cluster.
Counter-intuitively, that a primary is safe to shutdown means that a majority of the *other* primaries are healthy, caught up, and have recently heard from that database's leader.
The status endpoints provide the following information in order to help resolve such issues.

> [NOTE]

Author: line 124, <<clustering-transacting-via-raft-protocol, Raft>> - this cross-ref doesn't work. Do we have anything to redirect it to?

Reviewer: No, we don't. We got rid of the unnecessary 'advanced' sections in the move to v5. So probably just get rid of the link.

[options="header", cols="<1,2,2"]
|===
| Name of check                            | Method of calculation                                                                                                                                        | Description

> | `allServersAreHealthy`                     | Every primaries' status endpoint indicates `isHealthy`==`true`.                                                                                                   | To en sure the data across the entire cluster is healthy.

Reviewer: Unrelated to your change, but I happened to notice a rogue space and an out-of-place plural:
```suggestion
| `allServersAreHealthy`                     | Every primary's status endpoint indicates `isHealthy`==`true`.                                                                                                   | To ensure the data across the entire cluster is healthy.
```

| `hasOneLeader`                             | For any 2 primaries (A and B), `A.leader == B.leader && leader!=null`.                                                                                             | If the leader is different then there may be a partition (alternatively, this could also occur due to bad timing).
                                                                                                                                                                                                            If the leader is unknown, that means the leader messages have actually timed out.
| `noMembersLagging`                         | For primary A with `lastAppliedRaftIndex` = `min`, and primary B with `lastAppliedRaftIndex` = `max`, `B.lastAppliedRaftIndex-A.lastAppliedRaftIndex<raftIndexLagThreshold`. | If there is a large difference in the applied indexes between primaries, then it could be dangerous to switch off a primary.
|===

[NOTE]
====

> `raftIndexLagThreshold` helps you to monitor the lag in applying Raft log entries across a cluster and set appropriate thresholds.

Reviewer: I would add something stronger to point out that `raftIndexLagThreshold` is something the user defines, not something from the system, which is what confused Umar. For example:
> You should pick a `raftIndexLagThreshold` appropriate to your particular cluster and workload. Measuring the reported lag under normal circumstances and selecting a threshold slightly above that would be a good way to select an appropriate value.
